Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burr and a,
this is the Monday morning POC has no,
you know what it isn't.
It actually is and this is a very special episode of the Monday morning podcast.
Ever since we got the wonderful all things comedy studios over here in the
middle of fucking nowhere.
Uh,
every once in a while I like to have a high powered Hollywood celebrity.
I started off with uh,
the always lovely Dave Kepner and I'm hitting it hitting in the two spot.
We got a the one and only Jay Moss.
Hey Moses.
Lucky generals.
He's a dude.
Do I actually was going to try to do your uh,
your Tracy Morgan bill whose middle name is Frederick cause you got pregnant.
That's why I named him William Frederick murder cause he won't be president.
Goddammit
man pregnant.
Do you know I listened to your radio show all the time?
I hope so.
It's fine.
I have a lag.
It pains you just to do that intro.
It's great to watch bill burr just saying all things like just to have a semite
corporate now I had to weed through.
I was trying to do,
I bring up Dave character's name and then say what your name will that piss you
off toy pipe this fuck it up with that.
But she sent me to Glendale.
I'm supposed to have a red ass when I come in here.
What do I care?
Not Glendale.
I don't know where this is and I know,
but the directions said Glendale and the iPhone took me there.
This is right here.
You're,
you're the last,
this says right here.
Oh terrific.
45 minutes of your life.
Where you pretending like he didn't scream at the windshield and call me every
name in the book.
The way he looked away when you said no,
I understand.
Look,
you're not,
what are you the closer now
I don't really care.
I don't,
do you swear on this?
I'm just saying that this like,
this is why I try not to have guests because it just becomes a fucking
nightmare.
It's fun though.
I like talking to you and you know,
we always have a good time when we sit and talk and war stories.
We have a great time.
We have a good time.
Even belt bar.
We went debating doing this whole thing in a,
in a,
in a very annoying Boston accent the entire time.
You and Jay Ma?
Yeah.
Dude leaves at for four o'clock.
Bruins versus and leaves.
I got to move my car.
It's downstairs on Chester in Sydney street and it fucking pussies coming back
that we traded.
Fuck him.
Fuck him skates like a fucking ref.
Jj Go in the cornice.
Yo,
he won't go.
He won't go in the corner and he's afraid he's going to get fucking bought.
It had a flood.
You get out of their junior hockey league.
If you're afraid you're gonna get bored and you fucking,
why Erf?
Cause his fucking father owns the team.
Oh his father.
Shanty Irish.
Always putting on hands at fathers too on fucking beacon street.
I remember that cock sock and he was face down in front of the hopper.
You know,
it's funny is I can't even remember who the fuck I'm too.
I've been on the road so much that like I,
I can't remember anybody's name.
We traded the guy.
We had him,
he was crest Kessel.
He's good.
He,
I like him.
He's great.
I liked the Bruins a lot too.
It's a solid team.
Yeah,
it is.
Unless a,
you come on,
you watch them on the west coast trip when they come down here and they go out
and they party.
It's tough.
Tough.
Come West.
You Go Vancouver and then you scoot down.
You just keep scooting a little lower.
San Jose keep getting hotter as you're going down
route.
It is hot.
Vancouver,
San Jose's a bit of a wash.
Yeah,
but the thing about,
and they come to la in Anaheim,
you're like,
Whoa,
hockey what?
Hockey.
Who?
That's right.
But even like Vancouver,
you know,
you walk out in the rink,
you're all sweaty.
You gotta keep your head covered.
It doesn't keep me in the end I want to go fuck somebody mood.
You know what I mean?
You get down here,
you walk out of the Rincon,
like a tank top,
it halfway full out.
I was like,
we should be doing this in a park some place.
Yeah.
It is a thought being an east coast guy like myself that I would actually love
it out here.
And I know that you are from the Greater New Jersey area right by uh,
the metal lands giant stadium right in the shadows of that and the leafy suburb.
If it was like a murderer show,
if I got murdered in the,
in the leafy suburbs of New Jersey,
a town,
uh,
Tony town called Verona.
But this was no gentlemen and people never locked their doors in those towns.
Never.
And they say I do a whole bit about it.
Like why they must save so much time.
Like everyday there's one guy early for work cause he doesn't lock his fucking
door.
And I also say,
and then after the murder,
yeah,
you write a book,
everybody,
everybody murdered every march.
Everybody locks the doors and it,
yeah.
And if you get,
if you want people to say nice things about you,
you really need to get murdered because they always say the same thing for
women.
White women.
For those of you scoring at home when you scorecards,
he school white women lead the league in getting murdered.
Like it's not even close.
They're the fucking Ted Williams is again,
I've never seen a black lady in those shows have never seen a Latina.
I've never seen the first 48 Eskimo.
I'm talking about like dateline,
like in a small town.
Oh yeah.
Something was brewing at the waffle house.
Wasn't that onfi thick debt going for ad money?
Well,
he's a white lady named Pam and when you die they,
they always get interviewed and they go,
she really lit up a room.
That's when you die.
Since Pam,
before she even was in the room,
she never had no,
I like this one.
No one had anything bad to say about her.
And I'm at home going rarely cause by my math there's one guy that it's
something so bad to say about Pam words.
Did it work?
He needed a fucking shovel,
a tent,
and you need a long drive to act out those words.
Uh,
she swiped,
sent me a text about this podcast by the way.
Oh No.
What did she say?
Uh,
you'll like it.
She,
you know,
she's the funny one.
[inaudible] what time we'd be home,
Yada,
Yada.
Remember,
uh,
at the podcast,
don't fuck up.
And remember if you were having fun,
the audience can see you or some shit like that.
Be Lightening in a bottle and fill the podcast with levels of showmanship and
sparkle that will take you to the atmosphere and beyond.
It's very,
yeah,
she a yoga teacher.
Oh,
she's fucking,
she's like a pothead comic.
Like,
oh,
she's just funny.
Oh,
she's being sarcastic.
You didn't think I married a bat.
Shit crazy.
I did.
Dude.
I ain't lying.
You haven't met your wife.
You had like a flash of panic and your,
I was like,
oh my God.
Jay Morris married to Shelby Chong.
Yes.
I can't make fun of that tech.
If she was being completely funnel,
be lightening in a bottle,
take your career in the podcast to the atmosphere.
And beyond.
Okay.
If you could see the audience,
they're having a good time.
Yeah.
I'm not the quickest guy.
Check.
You are quick.
You did that Midwest tour though.
The red state flyover taught.
The Republican's are,
this is,
this is going to be about the is I got to try and make this about you though.
[inaudible] stories podcast on iTunes.
Get the APP.
Do you have an APP built bar?
No.
Monday morning podcast should have its own APP helper.
I don't know it shit.
Fuck that.
Whereas with friends,
because then what happens is then it breaks down and then you need something
else and then it's another fucking conference call.
I am very happy to be in the bottom third of everything.
Just drafting behind all you guys that you're ahead of me.
You're way ahead of me.
I'm like,
because I statted before.
Yeah.
Oh no sir.
No Sir.
What date you got coming up bill?
Wait a second though.
I wanted to get back to New Jersey because I actually love New Jersey.
I do too.
I love it.
The food's great and there's all these unbelievable neighborhoods.
Every fucking Douche who moves to New York.
They go to Newark Airport and they look at all those chemical plants and then
they go,
this is New Jersey,
you know,
and they might give it up to yen and just above the bridge,
uh,
meaning the George Washington Bridge.
It's nice up there and uh,
but they just blow off the rest of the state.
Where I grew up was a super like foresty and like little league all at where
they filmed the sopranos.
Essentially.
My town for owner Nutley Caldwell,
like northern New Jersey and they shoot big out there.
The bicycle scenes when he's riding up the street,
I don't know,
but like Montclair is really beautiful.
It is gorgeous and it's great.
And Jersey shore is fun.
I know like the show like made it ruined.
It did.
But when people say like the Jersey shore was a bad representation of Italian
Americans in Jersey,
I'm like,
ah,
I went to Jersey public school,
that's what my ass every day the situation was waiting for me and him for no
reason.
Like,
it's not because I was running my mouth,
which is what the listener would assume.
It just something you probably went to public school in Boston sometime suburbs,
safe suffer safe suburbs.
Yep.
Sometimes you go to school,
it's just for no reason in your understanding.
It's just your turn in the barrel that that you show up and they go,
hey Matt even is looking for you man.
You're like,
what the fuck did I do?
I'm like,
I don't know man.
I think you looked at and when you're in the hallway then you got to fake like
you have to take a shit 10 minutes before school ends and then you just joggled.
Yeah,
yeah.
I always tried to avoid,
I fought up until like junior high and then everybody like hit that growth
spurt.
You know the kid who has the mustache in eighth grade,
so all of a sudden I was like a full six inches shorter than the bigger kids who
are running shit and they had me by like 40 pounds.
Like I didn't break a hundred pounds to like my freshman year of high school.
I was really like a wrestled 105 pounds and I,
I didn't have to make weight.
I had to go eat just so I didn't have to wrestle 98,
uh,
the smallest small lakes and all that crap.
The peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Yeah.
So I imagine now what you know about nutrition wrestling at three and a fucking
peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
No wonder I sucked.
You're out there just glob and do peanut butter and burning glucose.
The other day when they,
uh,
when they had that whole thing on 60 minutes about a rod and blah,
blah,
he did this,
he did that and all that crap.
What really fascinated me about that was when the guy who was ratting him out,
now of course his name Tony,
I don't give a fuck what,
what,
what industry it is.
You got enough or not.
Then with Tony,
the Gail rolls over.
It's somehow Tony,
Tony,
Tony.
It could be like,
and I like what he said and I said this a rice,
these children's book and it Gay Tony.
Tony is going to roll over on everybody.
Hey,
not for nothing president,
but the,
you know,
Spiro Agnew has been talking to Tony I think when up to go with a different
running mate next time around now for nothing.
If you want to end the Vietnam war,
you got to,
you got to cut ties with Tony.
That's all there is though.
It Tony Bosch and I like what he says.
The first thing Alex would rig has said to me is,
I want you to give me what you gave Manny Ramirez.
And I'm like,
really?
He didn't fucking say hello.
You idiot.
Yeah,
you're on 60 minutes.
You're out.
If I wish I was a lawyer and his ass,
don't you wish you were like,
just could cross examinate people like on the spot.
Like you could just transform yourself.
Like when he's on 60 minutes,
Tony Bosch,
you could just be in the courtroom and go.
He didn't say hello really?
He just walked in the door in a strip mall in Miami.
It said gimme what Manny had in 2008 he walked in,
he said,
attention,
please.
I would like to do a legal PE,
Ds,
and the minute the guy goes,
well,
he did say hello,
you go,
so then you're not even being truthful right now.
And then boom,
Tony's out,
which will be the way I take you saying hello is they talked probably quite a
while before he finally looked over his shoulder on the park bench or wherever
the fuck they were at to be like,
hey,
you know,
how did you hook up man?
All right.
I,
I would actually bring it up like this.
Hey that Manny.
Yeah,
he's really been playing great for a while,
Huh?
Yeah.
Wink,
wink.
Nudge.
Yeah.
It's not like you accidentally walk into a steroid lab in a mini mall next to a
fucking nail salon.
Happy now.
Hello.
No,
that's not,
and that's next door square or round.
No,
I want HGH on that snack stall.
It's not like you accidentally stumble into the guide then biogenesis clinic,
I'm pretty sure there's some phone calls like me,
you and I on the way here.
I had to call you like,
where do I turn all that?
I'll be there in about 10 minutes.
Little exchange.
I want to go holidays profusely.
First thing he said was,
I got a text from my wife.
You know what I mean?
You know the first thing you said,
hey that Joe Rogan,
he's got a good podcast.
Dan,
how do I,
uh,
Joe Rogan yet right of the bat.
I'm saying you don't like the Manny Ramirez thing.
How,
how does he go that long?
Rogan's podcast?
It's like some of them are.
Most of them are over two.
I did like a three hour podcasts with him one time and it,
it's like a Scorsese movie flies by.
I was going to say it's never walk in its light out.
You walk out,
it's dark and it's,
it's great.
It's like daylight savings times a podcast.
His,
his,
his great.
It's never like doll.
It's always,
it's,
it's very impressive that you,
some go for like three hours and he and he fact checks everything as opposed to
mine,
which is just completely,
it's just horse shit.
My fact checks is his other people corrected me on Twitter.
But Twitter and you was one of the best lines ever about Twitter on my podcast.
When people go,
hey bill,
what are you thoughts about the drones this year?
It's like,
I'm not your personal press conference.
Get more friends.
Get you said get more summary.
Said be funnier on Twitter.
And I just,
I said I was,
I'm not on the writing staff of your life.
Yeah,
I'm funny.
Or friends or something.
And you won't block anybody you told me.
Yeah.
I mean I w I have,
but like you gotta be like ridiculous if you just being like ridiculous.
Um,
you know,
I don't over the top racist or just just being a dick for it.
Like right now someone's going to do it just to do it.
Cause you said it.
Yeah.
And uh,
but no,
I,
I don't,
I don't really challenge you to make us block,
you know,
Jesus,
they,
I don't,
don't do that.
No,
it's too late.
Hashtag challenge Hashtag block challenge people are going to be so don't do
that.
I was trying to get to that Tony thing where he said,
oh,
go ahead.
The most amazing thing in to that interview because I know you're psycho into
sports like me,
is that,
you know,
a rod sent him a text,
hey,
I got a big game coming up,
blah blah blah blah blah.
Uh,
and the guy gives him the little package,
little spa package of roids and then a rod goes out,
hits a couple of doubles and a single has a great game.
And they asked him,
what did you think after you saw that game?
And the guy said,
this is like shooting fish in a barrel.
And it's literally like how much they've,
when you,
it was,
I'm going back to what you were talking about,
the peanut butter sandwich before wrestling.
How much they've figured out like steroids since we were kids,
when like those guys in the 70s it was like horse tranquilizer,
excuse me.
And to what they do now,
it's just like this perfect balance.
And I have a theory,
I keep saying this is my pocket.
We're all going to be on them.
They're going to become safe,
eventually safer and safer,
like the weed breathalyzer kind of trajectory.
And we're all going to be on them full heads of hair,
fucking jacked at 80 pulling people out of cars when they cut you off.
I'm in that,
that's,
I'm look,
I don't understand.
You know,
the,
the definition of performance enhancing drug antibiotic is a performance
enhancing drug.
If you tear your elbow out and you're a pitcher like Andy Pettitte and then they
go,
well it's going to take you a year to recover.
Or if you take HGH and shoot it into your elbow socket,
you'll be back in eight months in time for the playoffs.
Like you have to be a fucking idiot not to take that chance because you want to
pitch in the playoffs cause you're gonna get another contract.
So like what about antibiotics?
Like,
well,
you've got strep throat,
you can let it run its course or you could take this,
you arithromycin you'll probably be banging it out in about 10 days
right now,
which would enhance your performance because you wouldn't be fucking sick.
Connect.
Exactly.
Why don't I just have a night?
Can I hear a little,
uh,
Joe to Rosa requested a little Harvey Keitel.
Can I hear?
What the fuck was Tony Busche thinking?
Yeah.
I want to give steroids to amend.
I guess Alex Rodriguez.
He's not from this coach.
Rizzy what the fuck?
Everything was fine.
Manny Ramirez,
there was no paper trail.
None.
They busted him.
I'm fucking female hormones.
Then you give it to a rod.
There's no jobs in his town over there.
Dude.
You're fucking impressions.
They couldn't look you in the eye because I know you're at my face cause you go
eat.
Cause when I did call on a mine,
you're like you're doing the face.
Do not actually staring at a brick wall over your shoulder doing Cattell.
Oh you know what's great like somewhere around here was where they shot a
reservoir.
Dogs.
It doesn't exist anymore.
Like the uh,
the whole,
basically the,
what the fuck do you call it when your drain the bodies and all that and they
get thrown in a box because that's that word.
Not Cadavers.
The fucking place where you processed dead bodies.
A mark that you're going to go,
they were always hearing duck.
It was somewhere in here and it doesn't exist anymore.
We closed the loading dock down.
We did so much acting.
What the fuck was jus thinking?
You shut the good,
but you don't die from your wounds.
You're gonna wish you were dead,
but it takes days.
Dude.
How do you do that?
I don't know.
There's only selling like and what do you pick up on?
Because Harvey Keitel his it guy.
It's really just Collin at a different pitch.
What the fuck was what?
You know Collins down here now.
What the fuck was Joe thinking
that got an animal,
you know HR,
the whole place into a shooting gallery.
Bang,
Bang.
If we look,
if we could just get in touch with Joe,
everything's going to be all right.
If we could just get in touch with Joe,
everything will be alright.
No,
but there's something the way you do Kai,
tell does that chopping off of the word?
I like how you were doctor.
How you picked that up?
I don't know.
I don't,
I have no idea how,
and I get asked a lot.
A lot of times when I put my baby to bed,
I'll just say he wants me to sit on the couch across from his crib and I'm like,
cool.
And I'll just say,
okay,
I'm answering questions on Twitter now go and everyone's like,
how'd he do impressions that of your impressions.
Then it's like,
I can either do them or no,
I'll get asked like,
what's an impression you're working on?
And I'm like,
no,
it's never happened in my life.
I can either do it the first time I opened my mouth or I can never ever,
ever,
ever do it now Dillon blew me away.
You did Louis C k all that was,
yeah,
but I don't know if I'm doing the voice.
I'm just for fucking guy and I'm sitting here with Shit and fucking shit in my
hand and fucking asshole kids with fucking nut allergies.
Fuck him.
That fucking fucker fucker with fucking shit in the mouth and I'm a man with an
asshole and I just shit out of it and eat and I just fill it and shit it.
I'm just a fucking human being.
Shit.
Eat Person.
Men that we'll see that wasn't like,
well,
whatever.
I'm going to hang out with you long enough and eventually you don't want to do
Louis now I want you,
you're going end up doing me at some point.
I'll do you.
Okay.
I'll tell you that much new studios.
I think they're good,
you know.
Okay.
Just got back from the studios.
Big Tour.
Appreciate all you guys coming out and okay.
All right.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I just try.
I wish I could do it.
I wish you wish you could.
Do you,
you wish you could do,
you know,
I wish you got to let the fuck not just do the that everybody else does because
all I'm doing is,
and this is why my,
I think you're the best because you do like so many people do impressions of
people's impressions and the ones that you do,
nobody else does.
There's a guy too,
I'm really bad with the names.
The guy who was on that,
um,
uh,
oh Jesus Christ.
A fucking nerd show.
Big Bang theory he used,
he used to be on the other show that wasn't 30 rock that the guy from friends
did.
Matthew Perry did a show called the studio or studio h or something.
Yeah,
I know what you mean.
But it's not this show,
isn't it?
Yeah.
And,
and this dude who's on the,
uh,
the fucking planet show there,
I had a show about like Asperger's.
I see.
I don't watch that show.
Big Bang theory.
I saw him,
he,
that he did a Ben Stiller and he did a Tom cruise that we're fucking
unbelievable.
Ben Stiller does a great Tom Cruise to Ben Stiller is one of the best
impressionists ever.
When he used to do the Ben Stiller show before Fox,
when Sinead gras pillow and Andy Dick and everybody was on it when it was just
Ben Stiller in this guy,
Jeff Khan,
uh,
just those two or the Ben Stiller show and they would do mashups.
They would do like rain man on Star Trek.
Oh,
that's awesome.
She's like,
who?
Who,
who took you to space ray?
Yeah.
With the big smile hood and the Jeff Commandant of the Spock years ago.
Yeah,
you took me in a space and you just do like they all the movies,
they would just mash to movies together is amazing.
That's very underrated sketch show too.
I feel like when people will go into the greatest of all time,
they'll go like Chapelle,
they'll go mr show.
Then they jump over.
The Ben Stiller show goes straight to a in living color.
Then obviously SNL and some of the things in the hall,
some of them age poorly and some of them don't.
There's some that I watch now and I'm like,
I don't,
this must've been like,
uh,
like clothing.
When you watch old sitcoms and you're like,
well,
what the fuck was everybody wearing?
I feel that way about comedy sometimes.
Like old sitcoms.
My wife said this to me once,
she said all sitcoms,
no matter how good they are,
they're all orange and reruns throw like yellowy and weird looking Larry.
I was wearing like fucking mom jeans and you're like,
what?
Like you look at Seinfeld and you're like,
this was the greatest show in the history of television.
He's got mom jeans,
white sneakers and a mullet and like a Christmas sweater.
Like oh my God.
And you of course know funny show.
You know what kills me is that shows already,
like some of those early episodes are already like 23 years ago,
24 years ago.
He fucking believe and it's weird.
And you're in La and that's saying the comedies bad.
I'm saying it just age is so weird.
And,
but,
but my point was I look at comedy sketch shows and stand up when I look at old
standup clips and if I listen to old albums I'm like wow,
this must have been like in 1970s thing.
Cause this isn't funny at all.
Like it was jack was such a so what do you think,
who do you think holds up or Carl and and prior hold up obviously Cosby.
Cosby.
Yeah.
I have,
my first record comedy record I bought was to my brother Russell.
And that whole second side was just him and his brother in the bed talking and
like trying to freak each other out.
Like that's,
that's hysterical.
And uh,
but a lot of it just doesn't,
it's weird you watch like old,
well even like old Red Fox is that you go,
oh,
he's just like telling jokes like actual like he's like Jackie,
the joke man before Jackie,
the joke man,
I got one at him to get wash it away.
Well he just,
he's like just telling jokes like he's not doing it.
He doesn't have any material that like,
like that he about,
do you know what I mean?
I haven't,
I haven't old Red Fox one.
It's him basically bombing,
doing a late show,
not wanting to basically beyond.
I don't know why.
I'm sure I was just going to say,
I don't know why he put it out.
I know what happened.
He died and then,
and then the people who are making money off of them,
you know that shit,
they just keep putting up.
They put out everything,
they put out all this shit that I'm always worried after.
After somebody passes away,
be any,
any sort of artists or whatever where like,
look,
I understand a couple of years after,
you know what I mean?
But when,
when it starts to get like 15,
yeah,
I hidden gem reliefs.
Hendrix didn't think that this was good enough to,
he didn't realize how great this was.
The law of Bill Burr at the,
uh,
Albany chuckle hut.
These are the latest somebody's camera phone and it just keeps getting earlier
and earlier into the artist's career.
Yeah.
Just you bombing on like a evening at Caroline's or even at the Improv.
Roger Paul Gig in like Vermont.
Roger,
but flying,
they were stars before they were stars.
This is bill burrows.
Millard Fillmore's bowling alley in Staten Island.
Check 'em out the jobs on his guy.
Hey,
when you,
uh,
let's talk about your radio show.
They listen to,
I got,
I,
I got an old truck that I drive and it has a am radio,
right.
So I'm always listening to,
plus I always listen to the sports anyway,
so I'm always listening to your shit.
Right.
Do you laugh?
Yeah,
I love it.
The only thing is sometimes I get up too late.
And when all the listeners call in,
uh,
I,
that took me a while to figure out what was going on.
Rapid fire at the,
yes.
I just had people call up and talk nonsense the last four minutes of the show
that worked because I was sitting there.
I go,
I,
I was,
it took me like,
I'd like three days in a row I woke up at the same time and it had some acting
gigs so I'd get my truck and I put it on.
And you'd be like add from Oskaloosa.
Well shoot it.
Yeah.
What do you got?
Where can um,
people around the country?
Um,
if you want to list of affiliates,
go to Jay more sports.com and just click affiliates was 150 affiliates.
It's all over the place where a few of iHeart radio APP on your phone.
You can just type in Jim or sports on the IHEART radio APP.
You guys had a great gig of what it's best.
I work 15 hours a week.
I have pass movie pass movie sets.
Like on my drive home and I'm like,
Ugh,
just sitting in a fucking trailer eating donuts,
watching Jerry Springer or are they going to get to me yet?
But you were good in the heat.
I like watching the heat,
but I imagine how much time you sat in your trailer because you know you can't
lie.
That was a good one that we really quick.
I,
I've only had one.
I'm not gonna,
you know,
I'm not going to name the name.
God,
I can't,
I can't burn bridges where I'm at.
But I had one where it was just like,
you gotta be fucking kidding me.
And it was be like,
we need you on set by 10:00 AM and 10:00 PM you've,
you've eaten breakfast,
lunch,
and then the crew dinner and you're still sitting there.
I'm sorry.
I kept pushed again,
had a,
and by the end,
like the,
the big challenge is when you finally get pulled out of there.
And then just the whole fucking irony of it is hilarious where you're like,
oh,
I'm going to go out to of the Hollywood,
get out of my little Shit House and become a staff.
And then you go out there and you're sitting in a fucking trailer.
It's an outhouse.
Yeah.
You're sitting in the,
yeah,
you're sitting in those like a framed photo of a teepee or like a squall holding
a baby and like a little blanket and every,
and everybody goes,
don't drink the water.
Don't brush your teeth.
Bring bottled water to brush your teeth with basically means somehow people take
it pisses and shit and they filter that fucking water back.
Oh yeah.
And the poopooed truck comes,
that's somebody's,
my son calls it.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Shit truck comes.
That's always nice when you're taking a nap and a trailer and all the sudden
you're like,
did I shit my pants?
Because there's just a truck the rest of the country,
it probably has no idea.
Like,
thinking about every port a potty you've ever seen.
They have the empty and somehow you don't pick them up and dump them out into
the sink.
There's just a truck with a hose that just suctions out all the piss and shit.
And when that guy uh,
hooks up to your trailer,
it's great.
But the thing is to a movie or even like a TV show that's like a one hour,
like when I was on ghost whisperer.
In hindsight,
you're like,
if ever there was a time in my life,
I just should've,
I should've just done diamond pushups and crunches.
It's the 40 fucking hours I just sat alone.
Yeah.
I could have just sat there,
Rosetta stone and I don't hear the knock on the door and they're waving.
I'm like [inaudible] like I would have spoke fluent French.
Right.
And it said you just keep eating and eating.
You know why?
Because somebody just keeps walking around with food like you're at the goddamn
playboy mansion.
Like I think they know now primal,
we are like,
if they don't hand out free to Ketos,
you're like,
fuck it.
I don't want to be in showbiz anymore.
This is bullshit.
I've been here since 5:00 AM I'm wearing a prosthetic phase where it looks like
half my face is melted off.
I'm allergic to it.
My skin.
Oh,
popovers and he'd just eat and then that makes you half basically.
It's like going to the DMV with famous people.
Yeah.
Is he just sitting there and when they call you a fucking name,
it's the same level of excitement.
Like,
oh my God,
I only take the pill.
You're exactly right because they take the picture and you're like,
that's it.
Yeah.
Then you're like,
oh my God,
I hope I have all the right stuff.
I don't get sent back to the back of the line.
There's not,
it's worth the wait once they finally get going.
But fortunately I,
I've,
I've had,
I've been really lucky with the little bit of acting work that I've done that
it's been on time,
like do breaking bad was ridiculous.
I just like,
you landed,
you went to wardrobe,
they got you,
you think you slept,
you woke up the next day,
bing,
Bang,
boom.
And before you knew what happened,
you were on that southwest flight like Dennis Farina and a and a,
what does that fucking movie?
Remember something.
Ah,
Jesus,
I can't I Shrek.
What the fuck was it called?
Smackdown.
Being able to ask.
That would have been funny.
But instead so aggressively.
If I just want to truck,
yeah,
I would've sounded like Ron Bennington.
I would have been cool.
Shrek.
Fuck was it called?
I just wait.
What's that movie where they will what?
Brad Pitt.
Brad Pitt speaks in the fucking pikey accent.
That is Breena wasn't in snatch.
Jay was Dennis for Oh yeah,
Dennis Farina.
I was taking Dennis' friends.
Yeah,
it Dennis Farina.
Oh,
looking at the references already gone because they kept having to meet,
slam the shot and you're gone.
Like that's what it was like to do that one.
But Dennis' friends cause he know more PD blue.
I was like,
what the fuck is bill talking about?
I have nicknames.
We,
me and my wife have a bunch of restaurants we like and I just have nicknames for
all of them cause I can't remember the names.
Why is your memory's so bad?
You're not like a big pothead.
You just,
every once in a while you have a couple loggers and that's it.
I uh,
I don't know what it is.
I have been talking on cell phones.
I don't know what it is to say that to me now.
You can freak me out and I'll be on speaker.
The rest of my,
my,
I can remember like rushing yards from 1978,
but I can't remember the name of the place that I,
or the name of the TV show,
the fucking movie I just saw.
Uh,
you ever watch like Big Bang theory or friends on Youtube when they take the
sound the last out on youtube you can watch like Big Bang theory where they take
the left track out.
Oh No,
it's like a Wes Anderson movie.
It's amazing.
Who's Les Anderson?
He's a director.
Oh,
sorry.
You're in the business you want to do over.
Go Love Wes Anderson.
I,
I'm dying to work with that guy.
Well,
you watch friends without the laugh track and you're like,
oh,
I know this is really the best because that's what you get asked.
I'm sure too.
Like if you do radio,
they're like,
hey,
now you're in movies.
What do you like doing more standup movies?
TV.
You're like,
what do you want me to say?
I'm here to promote,
stand up.
Of course I want to do fucking movies.
The rest of my life is forever.
But yeah,
find them out.
There are,
there are fun.
But the uh,
the uh,
there's no residual check for standup.
But the great thing about stand up is it's in real time.
Like the other night,
I don't know,
flipping through,
whenever I see like those one camera shoot shows,
like I hate that that's in the back of my head now.
I just give start thinking.
That's probably two in the morning when the shooting that brutal.
Those shows,
they all earned their fucking money,
man.
Yeah,
they do.
And it's just the waiting.
And the thing is those shows,
I've been a guest on a bunch like West Wing,
CSI Miami.
I've been on goals,
which Webinar on like a lot of mostly I guess,
but it really is a show where like you don't care if you see your family or not,
and the radio show was the best because I'm done at noon every day.
My kid gets out of Preschool at 1230 and I'm there waiting for him.
He runs,
I pick him up.
I'm a home in the Palisades at one he takes,
he's asleep by one 15 I'm asleep by one 20 it's ridiculous.
You're getting away with murder.
I don't care if I ever get my picture taken again in a,
in a camera ever.
I don't care if it's one frame or a thousand if you know fucking Clint Eastwood
calls or something,
obviously I'm not going to turn anything down because we all want to live
forever and new Bordeaux and the only way to do that is to actually be in film.
That is the way to live forever.
That is eternal life in Christ is one way.
The blood of Christ and the word capital w and a movies because 10 years from
now,
50 years from now,
you get a DVD and you watch the godfather and you're like,
oh,
that's right Jimmy.
What about a standup special stand?
Those special too,
but you're going to go look what the fuck I was wearing.
Why was I wearing a shirt with the plates on?
It is not going to think that in the movie.
No,
cause it's up the time.
Like when you watch movies from the,
if you watch like dog day afternoon,
you're not like look at these assholes.
You're like whoa.
It was 1977 hours here.
That Saturday dreads movie and every,
and the cars are from 1977 the license plates,
the police uniforms,
everything,
every extra is dressed like that.
When you watch mad men,
you're not like,
what are these people?
They don't know.
It's 2014 with the fucking skinny ties,
right?
Like it's just of the time.
It's completely eternal.
That's what makes movies.
That's why the specialty of the time,
because you're alone and that's what makes us unique.
And what you said was true.
Stand up is the best for guys like you and me because,
and this is going to,
if this sounds like you know,
Hokey,
I don't give a shit because you know I'm telling the truth.
It's,
it is actually who we are.
And when you travel and you go someplace and you had a town and you go on stage
in the first 18 minutes,
you're just bullshitting and riffing about your hotel and like some weird
turnaround in the freeway in that town.
And they're like,
Holy Shit.
He knows about that.
And like you haven't,
you haven't even done an ad.
You've been on stage many,
many times when you've gone like 15 minutes and you're like,
well I should probably get started in your mind.
Right.
I mean like that's the best.
I mean that's crazy.
That is the weirdest.
No,
that is the best because especially if you're sick of your act it cause it's
really like what that would be the equivalent to somebody who actually has a
real job unlike us.
That would be like somehow your,
you show up for an hour late for work and your boss doesn't notice and you still
get paid.
Anybody listening with your right,
anybody listening with a real job.
When you go to work one day and they're like,
hey there's wings in the conference room today and you're like Holy Shit and you
just go to the conference room and eat wings and have a diet coke and like,
no,
we're all just going to take like 15 minutes.
Eat Wings has not awesome.
It's like that's like your job and like,
oh my God,
down the hall there's just some free shit.
That's how I ended up in this business because it was nothing better.
Like when school,
when there was a fucking snow day,
that feeling of fucking euphoria that Ah,
I don't have to live my life today.
You know,
it was just fucking great.
I don't have to do any homework cause no goddamn stress.
You know,
my dad,
one time we had a,
uh,
we had one of those random day offs a Wednesday.
Yeah.
There was some sort of teacher conference or fucking thing and like to,
to have them show up.
God bless him,
God bless him for showing up to restaurant,
went fucking scan.
Um,
we had this random Wednesday off,
so he comes home,
we were all jumping around and stuff.
My Dad and I said,
he said,
well,
what's going on?
What's going on?
And were like,
Oh,
you know,
we've got tomorrow off from school and I'll do the hallway,
blah blah.
And he goes,
he has not,
he has,
that's not true.
That's a true like,
yeah,
we know that teachers said,
he goes,
no,
I just,
I just heard on the radio on the way back that on the way home they said,
you guys have school.
He'll be like,
no,
no.
They have they ever,
uh,
parents teacher.
And he just stayed with it and just kept going.
Now,
now I heard it,
we were like,
oh,
I want to rip our homes.
So I dad,
we believe him.
So we went upstairs,
we did our fucking homework.
He didn't say shit.
We go to bed,
wake up the next morning to our paper routes.
Doesn't say shit.
Okay,
get up at like six and more.
Do these fucking papers.
We come in,
we're eating breakfast.
All right,
we got all our books were showered,
we're ready to go to school.
We fucking walk out the door.
He doesn't say shit.
We go down and stand in front of the whole fucking neighborhood who all knows
his day off,
10 under this tree waiting for the bus.
He finally gets in his car to go to work,
drives down the under the driveway,
rolls down the window,
waves at us and drives the work and left us there.
And when,
how long did you wait for the bus till a fucking neighbor drove by with their
kids.
Like the buzzers are going to a waterpark.
They,
I don't know where they were going,
but they were going like,
you know,
there's no school.
And then were like,
Oh,
our dad said there was school submit is all look like idiots.
I remember calling up my dad's the first time I used the f word and he didn't
care.
He was laughing so hard.
He had this lovely like die and fucking laughing as we were co.
Wow Man.
I can't believe he didn't fucking,
that is the funniest shit ever.
That's such such a stand up.
That's what I'm telling you.
That's how I ended up being a comedian because right there like any other parent
would just have to look at there can be like,
all right man,
get back to the fucking house.
But a comedian drives away and leaves you there.
Like as the years go by,
the genius of it,
it just,
it pissed me off when he did it.
But that's the funniest shit.
He was like,
Andy Cole made his own kids looked like we had something wrong with us.
Like we'd go more through going to school,
there's the,
and then they put you in the position of like someone saying there's no school
and now you gotta like on the fly go,
well my is my dad lying whereas my dad wrong.
So you've got to defend your dad's honor,
but hope he's wrong.
At the same time,
like you're already mentioned,
the neighbors just going like,
how the fuck did they not know Mr Berra saw your son on the bus stop with all
his books.
Your Dad just left and that's great and you're right.
That's what separates it.
But that's why you wanted to be a comic because of snow days.
My Damn,
you don't want to live your life and that's what you just said is everything
that comedy in one sentence.
I wanted to be comic cause I didn't want to do real life.
I didn't want to work.
It's the best.
I don't,
I have no desire.
That's why I haven't had guests on my fucking podcast because I just looked at
it like,
man,
that's going to be work.
I got to give them the right directions.
If they get the wrong fucking do all that bullshit that just happened there and
you have to give me the right directions.
I was in fucking Chino.
Who Does your fucking mess?
We do go Google maps.
Told me I was at the location.
Good God,
the last hospital is another is another classic.
One of my dad.
My brother was,
uh,
it was some hot chick down the street and she had this fucking,
she had this house party,
like one of those risky ones.
Wait,
hey,
well the parents are like,
yeah,
we'll leave and we'll be back in an hour and fucking 10 minutes.
And they try to have a party.
It was more like,
you know,
three hours,
whatever.
They come home early and somehow on my brothers looked upon as the ring leader
and he's running out of the house and the guy knows who he is.
My brother's drunk tells him to fuck off and I'll let shit.
So he knows.
So my brother runs home first grade,
he runs all night.
He's,
he's like in high school at this point.
He runs home and as he's coming up to house,
these two shit faced,
he sees my parents,
you know,
the lights are on,
I can't go in the house.
So he's so drunk.
He literally just fucking face plants in the shrubs behind our house,
right by the side door.
And here's the phone ring and he knows who it is and it's the fucking dad down
the street calling up about my drunk brother and my dad picks up the phone and
he just goes,
hello.
And he hits the guy talking about what are you talking about?
And my dad just says hi.
Is that true?
Has that Jay?
I just talked to him.
He's just starts covering for my brother.
He was sober.
Hey,
why's said no sir?
He gets in this big argument with the guy and my brother's laying on his back in
the Mulch,
laughing his ass off and then just go on like what a fucking great guy,
like totally covered for my brother.
What was your dad's name?
Huh?
I don't,
I don't put all that shit.
This guy's a legend.
Yeah,
he just doesn't,
he does.
He just spoke to him.
How dare.
Yeah.
And so that became a catchphrase between all the kids whenever we would disagree
with you,
you just go,
no sir,
no set.
That's what he was doing as this guy was saying like,
brothers still get in trouble over from your dad or would your dad just like
boys will be boys?
No,
I think he then just sat down.
Do I got a bunch of classic once there was one time,
uh,
God,
how do I say this?
I'll get getting my brother in trouble.
I'll get the statue of limitations.
He,
uh,
my brother maybe or maybe not.
It's already great.
Vantiff vandalized.
This is another brother vandalized part of the school.
So other you're to go into like rape.
They got all the statute of limitations,
man.
Nah,
Nah.
They may not have
come from this family tree.
You keep your fucking mouth shut no matter what you.
So anyways,
he so don't talk to Tony,
don't talk to Tony.
Tony's got a big fucking mouth.
We're going to handle that problem down in Florida.
So,
uh,
whatever they knew he did it and the him and his friends somehow intimidated
this entire grade to not rat them out.
So they went down to the principal's office and the,
and the principal's office to go.
And I know you did it and he's trying to yell at and Blah Blah Blah.
And they just sat there.
Stone faced going now we didn't do it,
we didn't do it.
Then they did the old,
they separated and then these young and my brother you did it.
And my brother's like,
I didn't do it.
Oh yeah.
Well you have friend in there just drop dime on.
Yeah,
my brother didn't fall for it or anything.
So finally the last ditch effort,
the next day my brother gets up,
he's going to school and the principal,
the principal calls dad.
My Dad picks up the phone.
He's like,
hello.
And it's funny cause he liked old stuff.
So we had this old,
like it was a new phone inside and the outside,
it's a little,
you hold the thing up to here.
My Dad.
Yeah,
something like that that's on the phone.
Picks it up.
It's like hello.
It goes,
this is hey.
Okay.
All right.
He goes,
what do you mean?
You know he did it but you can't prove it.
And then you hear the guy talking to my desk because I can,
I said I don't have time for this shit.
And he just fucking hung up on the guy and my brother drove out and went to
work.
My brother said he got on the bus,
he was in junior high and when he pulled up to the school,
that principal is standing outside of the school like rubbing his forehead
cause he was beaten.
We uh,
we,
I had no such a willpower whatsoever.
I'll never do time cause I'll roll on the whole neighborhood.
First Time they ask me I'll be like,
it was bill Burr,
Bill bird that we were at.
Um,
we were at a bar in New Jersey when we were kids.
We would have rolled on each other.
And then as you get older,
like when I moved to Manhattan,
I lived on 43rd west,
43rd street and it was all like westies in all.
Like the fire station you realize is an only a fire station.
Oh yeah.
It's like a Jj,
you're going down a,
what are you going to the manager's office when you dropped this package off for
me?
I don't know why they have Boston accents on West 43rd street.
And I'm like,
sure.
And then you come back like two hours later and they're like,
Jed,
you'd do that thing and went to package.
You're like,
yeah.
And they're like,
what was in it?
And you're like,
oh,
I don't know.
I didn't know.
But then you're like,
ah,
I a,
yeah,
good job.
Good job.
So I go back to Jersey and I remember,
um,
actually I was in high,
I was a senior in high school when we realized like,
oh,
like don't you don't tell like it took it,
we were idiots.
Nobody want to get in trouble because we were,
we were really like fucking pussies.
And then I played baseball in high school and the baseball coach was,
was the lieutenant from,
there's one lieutenant,
uh,
excuse me,
detective.
There's one detective in my town.
It's such a small town.
It's like a thousand people in my town,
Doug Huber.
And he was a detective and he's a great guy and he coached our baseball team in
high school and then we all would go to the Verona in and drink and we were all
underage and some guy came from like Cedar Grove,
which is like the archrival and they just fucking beat the shit out of him.
Someone stabbed and with like a pocket knife in his legs and duck.
Huber came in and goes,
what happened here?
And everybody said everybody like the bar owner,
the grownups and like the teenagers all said I was in the bathroom and I
remember like going Holy Shit and like the revelation at that moment to realize
this will actually work if we all just hold the company line.
Like it was the first and I'm like a senior in high school and I then Doug Huber
gets me alone.
He goes,
I know in your long time Jj,
just tell me what I go.
I was in the bathroom dog and he goes,
who was in the bathroom with you?
And I said,
I was in the bathroom.
And then he literally like broke it down like person to person to person goes
when,
how long were you in the bathroom and you go,
I don't know.
I was in the bathroom.
Like this shit went on for,
we were there until like the sun came up in this bar and then six months go by,
we're playing tournament baseball and uh,
I think we were West Essex school playing baseball and I'm only hitting lead off
and it hit a lead off double.
And the dug Huber,
the detective who was also the coach of the baseball team goes time,
time,
and he just starts jogging off towards like the third base line.
We're in the visitor's dugout and he goes,
JJ.
And I'm like,
all right,
I guess we're switching the sides up because when you go have a seat,
and he's like,
I don't know why Joe Morton Gold,
you know,
he,
he switches out and there's a new guy at second base and I'd be sitting on the
bench,
like,
I'm 90,
I don't even know what the fuck just happened.
It's like three innings go by.
I go,
coach.
And he goes,
yeah,
how you doing?
I go,
why'd you pull me?
He goes,
I dunno.
I was in the bathroom
six months that I sat on that shit and I was the only way he can laugh.
No,
cause I got real I because by then I'd forgotten the whole thing happened and I
thought like,
oh,
like I thought damn scared.
Yeah.
I was a scared kid.
I was alone a lot.
Nobody ever told me Shit.
You had brothers at least to go like,
no,
that's not what you do.
You go up to the guy and tell him,
watch your fucking mouth when you were on my sister or whatever like that.
No,
I was just alone on my bike and you know what I was doing.
I take my bike two towns over because nobody knew who I was and I could just
recreate a new identity like,
hi,
I'm Mike Majors.
I just moved and you're like,
which house?
And I'd be like,
all right,
all right.
That'd be like Deniro,
good palace now,
right in there.
That's my ass right in there.
And I would just make up like some new identity for the day and play with new
kids.
Mike Majors,
my fake name,
believe it,
dude.
I,
like I said,
I stopped,
I stopped fighting,
uh,
getting into fights like somewhere six,
sixth grade,
maybe seventh grade,
the kids who were just way too big and I totally got psyched out and intimidated
right quickly after elementary school.
And I went more to the [inaudible].
The funny thing,
uh,
I wish I fought more like my dad never taught me to fight or always said tell
you tell the teacher and he didn't realize like tells the teacher you out of
your fucking mind,
which is the responsible as far as like,
uh,
and you know,
to tell a kid,
you don't want to tell a kid that beat the shit out of another kid.
Tell a four year old,
tell the teacher,
you tell a 12 year old,
let's go down in the basement.
You lead with the Jab circle away from the power hand and then the cross,
right?
You just got to end this because it's never going to end.
But what they,
they,
they always forget like how much,
how that's going to reflect on you.
And then they always just said,
well,
you shouldn't care what people think about you.
And they know,
well,
if it's not true,
it shouldn't bother you then he's not a real friend of yours.
And then they just send you into this fucking gauntlet.
And even,
and even if it's not that bad and ass kicking the,
it's the fact that it's your entire life than shame,
that it's your existence that,
you know,
it's like,
yeah,
mom though.
How would you,
I give you went to work and get the shit kicked out of here every day.
Well that just not your real friends,
mom,
take a different way to your cubicle.
You know,
none of us knew we could fight.
When I was a junior in high school,
we were in the wrestling room and there was this kid,
Pete Bush,
who was pretty much an albino.
Like,
I'm not,
I don't have the,
I don't have the card that anybody signed off on it.
Right?
But he's pretty much an albino.
And he had like Dick Thick,
thick,
thick glasses all day long.
Put on the map bastard.
The guy was a fucking savage animal and you know,
you know what,
he couldn't have been an albino cause.
He got accepted to West Point and pretty sure all bono would not accept an
album.
I'm pretty sure it west point has a no albinos policy.
Sorry,
I blame,
I've never seen one.
I've never seen an alpine.
I think you can be out when the president shows up.
He's not part of that line.
That standing at attention slipping the guns around.
Never.
No,
I don't think you can be an albino at west point.
So I got him up in the tower but he leaves look like,
yeah,
that's where he,
that's where it needs to be shaded.
He looked like an albino and he was like a weird guy.
I didn't really talk.
He was like,
he was a genius.
He got accepted to west point and then one day like this big fucking football
guy was just hand peck in the shit out of him.
And Pete Bush wrestled like 118 pounds.
And this other kid was like two 20 and Pete Bush turned around,
shot a double egg,
took the guy's legs out from under them and then just sat on his chest like that
just punched the shit out of him.
And we were all like laughing like,
did you fucking see what Pete Bush didn't like?
How lucky he got?
How funny what?
And we thought it was funny.
And our wrestling coach,
Jim Sour goes,
you guys think that's funny.
You guys don't even know what you've been doing and here your whole lives learn
how to fight it.
You fucking idiots.
What do you think some fucking big fat offensive tackle is going to take out?
A guy that's been practicing take downs for the last eight years,
get your heads out of your ass is like,
he screamed at us.
He goes,
of course,
you know,
is that a fight?
He's a fucking wrestler.
He's,
and he was like cursing like that for them.
And we're all like,
at that moment were all like,
Holy Shit.
Like you can use these takedowns like out there.
Others just on a mat and they're like,
oh,
the whole thing as a queer singlet.
Yeah,
you meet some guy in a mall wants to go at it.
You punk out and give me your wallet.
But if there was a mat you'd be like,
all right and you have your little ear muffs things on so you don't give it all
fights.
I know what you're saying is true,
but all fights in MMA,
like it all winds up on the ground.
If you're in a fight,
the parking lot between two parked cars.
I'm sorry if I get you to a need,
that shit is over under how fucking big yard.
Unless you wrestled to get me out.
That's why I have no,
I have just fury.
I go for about 18 seconds and then you got me.
Then I'm wheezing.
Give him everything theory though you think.
When do you let it go?
Let it go.
Okay.
When do you let it,
like why do you like you were assuming that I was screaming at my windshield.
Could you gave me directions to a separate town?
I was literally under that.
You would slip.
Dib come over in the middle of fucking day.
If he fucking podcast,
he carried all the way to where the fuck your addresses gives us.
We already knew,
cares you're time isn't valuable.
Yeah,
but I'll be out of here in fucking 10 minutes and I'll drive home and I'll be
with my kids.
I don't know why,
but that's how people responded to adversity.
When I was a kid.
You basically,
you lost your shit.
You called people in and you realize they're alcoholics screamed and inanimate
objects,
but then you realize there's people who are alcoholics.
We all works in progress.
Yes man is God and ruin.
I Dunno.
Maybe my fucking slap those headphones off your fucking head.
I can come over to table smart guy.
You know what?
I'm going both knees.
I'll start on my fucking back.
Your fucking stutter and techie.
Yeah.
Bill actually sent me to another town.
Here's the address.
Jay Glendale.
Turns out it's not Glenn Dale.
Yeah,
it turns out it's a,
it's Glendale at all there.
You know,
I don't know where.
I don't even know what town that says.
No,
come on.
Keep doing more normal.
I,
yeah,
yeah.
The Chicago cubs area,
they got a new mass gat.
Have you heard about this new mascot?
They got there?
You heard about that?
Maskat they gotta know what about him?
His name is Clark is a true,
you know,
and uh,
it's a,
a baby cub with his head on backwards and EA greets fans when they come in.
You know,
a baby cub,
eh,
those cubs got a new mascot.
Yeah.
As you get to like a bear tamer when it was lion guys,
you know,
like take care of those cubs there.
I know.
What a baby cub.
How good a mascot that would be.
You know,
I don't know who the other mass can I maybe a lion tamer.
The Cherry.
Huh?
Can I hear?
Can I hear some Harvey Keitel doing bad.
80 s stand up.
All right.
Um,
I don't mean to put you on the,
no,
I like,
I just know you can find game.
I,
you can do it.
Okay.
I'm just rifling through,
but got to make sure I don't do someone's actual material.
That's the farthest because we all have like fucking 18 minutes of David
Brenner.
You only,
isn't it weird when the vending machine takes up so much noise?
No,
it's not fucking vending machine.
All right.
Don't get me started on the girls.
What are you supposed to do?
You go and ask her out.
You look your best.
You shaved,
you've come to hear you presented yourself.
She Says No.
Then all of a sudden you have to act like you ain't trying to act her out.
Escrow out in the first place.
You Go.
I'm sorry.
There was a clock over your head.
I was trying to find out what time it was.
Would you think I wanted a goddamn gates?
You're not that important.
Get over yourself right now.
I'm wearing mom jeans and a suit jacket with the sleeves rolled up.
What the fuck is the airline thinking?
Why don't you tell me?
The local came
flight attendant comes out.
She's willing occurred.
I have to stay in my seatbelt.
Meanwhile,
his buttons of Gin,
sorry,
I slipped into the colon.
You know,
I have to say seatbelt it in,
but meanwhile she has a rolling cart with bottles of Gin flying all over the
place.
It loose ice.
I don't know.
That seemed a little in Congress to me.
All right.
There was bill Burke when,
all right.
All right.
All right to my face.
Let's do more.
Fewer.
That's always good to pay
off when you do that on a podcast.
That's why I subscribed to build birder.
He would.
Other people want to think it's the bill bird podcast.
Who cares what Jesse in Fontana is emailing you about?
Who Cares?
Took my face is literally killing me for fucking mine does too.
Or you have to contort to do that stupid cartel voice.
All right,
well what do you got coming up here that we can,
we can hide.
When will this be out,
honey?
I'm going to Monday.
I know Monday morning I do Amar.
These ones that just put them out.
Oh,
both.
Only one impression I've ever learned.
It wasn't Pachino.
Let me hear that.
Never could do it.
And then uh,
cause there's two different Pachino Chinos and my mind was all fucked up.
Which one?
Cause Young Pachino sounds like Tyne Daly from Cagney and Lacey.
No,
Sa what?
Vietnam veterans killing don't mean nothing to us.
Attica.
Right.
Put The gun down new.
We play all their heads when he answered the phone and fucking dog day.
Afternoon.
I can't promise you that.
And I got to talk to my book.
If you have a boss,
why am I talking to Yo hi.
And then I dunno when it was somewhere around heat.
Oh,
everything got real heavy on my back and my eyes got real big bell.
You worked with fucking believable.
See I don't even take,
this one's not good,
but I worked with owl on a movie that no one's saw,
but we still did the work.
You already said to me,
I'll tell you,
we were outside and he looked at the sky.
It's just true story.
But I'm to do it as him because it was a break while we were shooting and he
looked up at the moon and he put his arm around me.
Put his arm around me and he looked at this guy and he said,
that's our moon babe.
That's what he said.
Now I say that to my kids and if you and I left here in the moon was out,
I'd say to you,
Bill Byrd,
and I love you fucking,
you're a good man.
Al.
I think we just trying to say,
is Jay Moore Edit an interesting experience with you who the fork taught you to
act?
You can't,
I don't even know.
Everybody's heard about,
you know,
I didn't like four movies going on at once too.
I think everybody should make love and make one big acting pregnant baby.
That's full circle.
Bill Berg.
Uh,
I'm not the Irvine Improv this weekend,
a 17,
18,
19.
But if it doesn't come out before then,
Vegas,
listen,
you got to go see Jay do standup man.
Uh,
last time we worked together we did the,
uh,
the,
the fucking thing that April foolishness.
I love it.
So much fun.
Yeah,
you absolutely fucking destroyed.
It's so hard to do.
20 minutes.
He just wind up doing your act as quickly as well.
And I got to follow Brad Williams every year because they gradually get drunker
and drunker issue doing it.
But it's such a legendary,
you know that venue one last,
I think the last time I did,
one time I did a Tim.
No he didn't one last,
that last one is brutal.
The let it go.
You know at the set of the night.
Yeah.
The guy went on fourth.
Yeah of course he did when they were sober.
300 list one year and then uh,
Eddie Izzard when unless another year and it's just a horrible spot.
You're right cause it's universal amphitheater.
But I'll be at the Irvine Improv this weekend,
Friday,
Saturday,
Sunday two shows Friday two shows Saturday and Sunday.
All my shows are meet and greets,
have that $20 right.
Cause they'll be selling tee shirts out there like uh,
who,
uh,
and then,
24th,
25th,
26th,
if that's the weekend after next,
I'm at South Point Casino in Las Vegas and you can listen to more stories,
podcasts and get them more stories up and you get your due to go back,
say Moss.
And I used to watch you all the time when I first moved to New York and the now
defunct now wine bar,
it was a Boston comedy club man run by Barry Katz.
Big Star.
You're in pain.
You know what's great about you,
Bill,
is no matter what life has thrown at you,
you've always from undeniable life throws you a curve ball out of the strikes on
you.
Let it go.
You don't care.
And that's what,
that's uh,
that's,
that's what's going to put you over the edge of my own.
And then all a sudden you're in a Sandra Bullock movie and you're going,
what the fuck,
man?
When did we get to eat again?
If that guy would get more famous,
I'd have another 20 minutes of material he used still yet.
He's still,
he's coming.
This is Barry returning your phone call from the Carter Administration.
And he always used that joke and have to wow.
It's like Barry,
you never returned my phone calls.
At least come up with,
I mean,
I don't,
yeah,
he would do that shit.
You listen,
you're going to be a big star.
Everything's going to work.
I don't know.
Have to.
Everything's great man.
What the fuck?
You're worried.
Hey Papa,
it's Barry.
You have all the power,
man.
Mary called me once and he goes,
uh,
you know,
in movies had been out for like three months and there's no way to still in the
theaters.
Like I couldn't get ahold of this fucking guy for like eight days and he's my
still my manager.
And I go,
you have to fucking call me or firing you.
Like three minutes later my phone rings and I don't answer it cause I just want
to hear the message.
He goes,
hey JJ,
it's Barry just got back from the movies.
So bend it like Beckham feel good movie.
That was,
but it had been,
the theaters were like fucking six months.
Then you just pick like a movie.
Like he had his alibi was all fucking sketchy.
Bend it like Beckham feelgood movie,
one of the great characters in this fucking business.
Without a doubt.
Barry fucking cats.
Um,
well listen,
do it.
I'm glad we finally get to,
I don't give a shit about all that traffic and whatever.
I don't care at all.
Who was Eric?
Why do you care about any of this stuff?
Could we do I believe on the network?
Look,
I'm the all things calming work.
Everybody,
uh,
featuring Jay Moore,
he had the money money podcast was a very special
episode.
I hope we made you laugh.
I hope we got y'all via Hump Day.
What is today?
Tuesday?
Today's Tuesday Hump Days,
tomorrow,
whatever.
You know how you guys enjoy watching his every day?
Tomorrow's bill burr finger fucking on the handball courts.
Oh God.
All right guys.